Dev/alha (#41)
hms-networks/sc-ewon-flexy-extensions-lib: CHANGELOG.md

# Ewon Flexy Extensions Library Changelog

## Version 1.13.4
### Features
- Added connection check before publishing MQTT messages.
- Improved MQTT manager error handling.
### Bug Fixes
- Removed unsupported Java 7 references to the 'java.nio' package.

> - Fixed AutomaticRetryCode.getCurrentTryNumber() so that it does not increment the try number.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Removed try number increment in AutomaticRetryCode.getCurrentTryNumber().
```

Author: Changed

### Other

> - Reduced default MQTT keep alive internal to 10s to allow detecting connection issues faster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Reduced default MQTT keep alive internal to from 60 to 10 seconds to detect connection issues faster.
```

Author: Changed
